queues: add pricing link to Workers pricing page (#6759)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/pricing.md

1.  The Workers Free plan includes limited Workers KV usage. All limits reset daily at 00:00 UTC. If you exceed any one of these limits, further operations of that type will fail with an error.

## Queues

> Queues are only available on the Workers Paid plan. To learn more about Queues pricing, [visit the Queues pricing documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/queues/pricing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queues are only available on the Workers Paid plan. To learn more about Queues pricing, refer to [Queues Pricing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/queues/pricing/).
```
